graduated with being
a new concept in poultry breeding
no start-up or fattening stages
self-adjustment of the food level to the needs of the animal
no need to manually intervene in the pancakes
without physical barriers for the animal
observe the telescopic movement of the trap
As the conveyor raise its height the hopper gradually restricts
the amount of feed
between the need for abundant food of the chick in its early days and the
adequate level in the rest of the breeding there is a progressive reduction of
the amount
available with two plates of different depths according to the
driving preferences
forever
with a filling and distribution a food report
guaranteeing easy access
the gradual system reduces the handling work
adjusting the level of feed depending on the type of food and animal a single
time
this recording corresponds to a complete aging of 47 days after
shoulder and
the system receives the chicks with the hoppers fully supported on the ground
what supposes abundance of food
easy location and access to the feed
the most critical moment is the start the quick identification of the food
and the drink is the vital to guarantee the best growth curve
gradually and as the chicken grows we will act on the lathe
and we will start adjusting the level of feed
as the coj we have cable the hopper is restricting the level of feed
the feed adjustment is a very soft
gradual
at the same rate as the growth of birds
in other systems now there would be a traumatic change
they go from the abundance of feed to the restriction of it
in the gradual system the change is imperceptible
from this moment the feed level will be the same for the rest of
the upbringing
fresh and frequent food among newbies
The control hopper with double safety stop guarantees the reliability of
the whole system
in front of the rush of the animals the cd hoppers guaranteeing the absence
of injuries in the carcass
thanks to its low center of gravity
the hopper quickly recovers its verticality
Haro anti-waste reduces the possibility of animals throwing
I think
Allows simultaneous access of two birds love gate opening
a simple turn
allows the opening of the hoppers to carry out a deep cleaning
finish the breeding
The system is a sturdy one and is made of resistant materials
has a full range of heifer feeder systems and has
automated is in general
fruit of 25 years of experience together with the dispute